[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In 2013, a female
relative of Albert Perry,
an African-American man
from South Carolina,
submitted a sample of his DNA
to a company called Family Tree
to trace family roots.
During the routine DNA
analysis, technicians
at the genetic testing
company made an extremely rare
discovery.
Albert Perry contained
a Y chromosome
with a genetic
signature like no other.
Y chromosomes are
the hereditary factor
determining the male sex.
Albert Perry revealed that the
most recent, common ancestor
for his lineage was roaming the
Earth about 338,000 years ago.
Geneticists have
been able to prove
that all men tested thus far
in these commercial databases
can trace their Y chromosome to
a common male ancestor labeled
Adam that lived between
60,000 and 140,000 years ago.
This made his DNA over twice
as old as any fossil on record
for Homo sapiens.
Now, scientists are
questioning everything
that is known about
the time and location
of the first people on Earth.
Is this finally the proof
pre-Adamite theorists
have been looking
for, that there really
were human civilizations
before the age of Adam and Eve?
And if so, what other
doors can Perry's DNA open?
>> When we look at these
pre-Adamite records of what
these ancient texts
are telling us,
it maps together very nicely
with the actual archaeological
ruins that we find
around the world.
What gets even more interesting
is when we get into the idea
in that post-Atlantean
catastrophe world,
meaning post-12,500 years ago,
two pre-Adamite groups survived
with fast and
limited resources--
one group in Europe
and one in Asia,
which becomes the Egyptians'
pharaonic line and the other
group in Mesoamerica, which
becomes the Mesoamerican
priesthood.
>> If Albert Perry's Y
chromosome pre-dates this
by hundreds of
thousands of years,
what are the implications?
Is it possible there was an
earlier human population that
became extinct?
An incredible
artifact that has been
a topic of great controversy
among historians and scholars
trying to get to the
bottom of this mystery
is a king's list found in
the Sumerian cuneiforms.
>> The king lists go
back 266,000 years.
Now, that's interesting.
Because modern
scientists believe
that the first humans like
us came into existence
less than 200,000 years ago.
And they believe that the
first civilizations where
you would have kings,
and urban areas,
and social organization--
they believe that all started
6,000 or 7,000 years ago.
So to have these Sumerian King
Lists going back 266,000 years
is really amazing.
>> The actual artifact itself
is engraved in cuneiform text.
And during that
time and era, people
didn't just carve
these types of things
into stone just for a hobby.
It's real information, real
data, and real history.
Now, the actual
artifact itself is
located in Ashmolean
Museum in Oxford, England.
What's so incredible about
it is that the king's list
gives the reign of
the kings and shars.
Well, what is a shar?
The Sumerians state that this
shar is about 3,600 years.
And for example, King Alulim
actually ruled for 10 shars.
So in human years, that
would be 36,000 years.
>> 36,000 years?
Could it really be
true that humans
were on Earth so long
ago and not just humans,
but advanced civilizations
with hierarchies and kings?
>> It's not just the
Sumerian Kings Lists.
It's also the Egyptian
kings list of--
Manetho writes about the
dynasties going back.
Maybe not as long, but
at least 30,000 BC--
gods like Thoth
and others, deities
that were called the nine
particular reigning deities
of the Egyptian world.
So if these deities
have, again, lifetimes--
lifespans of thousands of years,
then, of course, to a human,
it's going to seem as
though they are gods.
>> But if humans had been around
for close to 300,000 years,
according to Albert
Perry's DNA test,
why do all these creation
stories come from a much later
time?
And even more odd,
why do we hold on
to the truths that were
given to us by these gods?
Researcher and
historian Anton Parks
has a disturbing
theory about this.
>> You have to know that when
the gods arrived on Earth,
according to what
the tablets state,
they reigned over the Earth
for thousands of years.
Elements of the story are in
the Zohar, the Nag Hammadi text
as well, which basically
tell the same story
and the same version
as the Sumerian one
to enslave mankind.
Human beings must behave,
not think too much, and most
of all, not see that there
is another reality to what
is said.
In the texts of Eden,
there is a curious scene.
It describes humans, especially
created to work in the garden.
But at some point, in order
to enforce their laws,
the gods place the
humans in front of them.
Behind the gods is
their shiny chariot.
That is how it is written.
And they make them
pledge allegiance.
It is fascinating.
They impose their
views upon mankind.
They want to scare them.
And sadly, through this oath
to which humanity commits,
humans forbid themselves
to ever be free.
I personally think
that to this day,
we are still under the
influence of this oath.
It is crucial to understand
that in concrete terms,
we are still slaves.
I think that the gods
knew what an oath implied.
A vow is something tangible.
Something actually happens.
And I think that this can
be passed from one life
to another.
>> As a species that was
created by DNA manipulation,
we've never been free from
the manipulation of beings
on the outside, and that the
sad irony and history is that
humans have gotten down on
their knees to things standing
in front of them that
had the name god.
And they were never gods.
>> If they weren't gods, is it
possible that these beings were
able to manipulate human DNA to
such a point that the original
free roaming human species
became part of a worker class
with shorter lives
and of less power?
>> When we look at the
Sumerian Kings List,
we see that the more recent
part of this list actually
corresponds very nicely
with historical records.
That's very interesting.
Because when you look at the
kings list in its entirety,
you go all the way back to the
alleged origin of the Anunnaki
on Earth, tinkering
with our DNA,
starting about
250,000 years ago.
Supposedly, when you get
into the Sumerian doctrine,
the idea is that
they were genetically
modifying a slave race
of people on this Earth
approximately 250,000 years ago.
And it was Enki,
supposedly the good guy
in the battle of
the two brothers--
Enki and Enlil who
created us this way.
And we were manufactured by Enki
to become able to reproduce,
whereas prior to that point,
we were bred to be sterile,
so they could make a certain
number of these clones.
They could then send
them out there to work.
They would die.
And there would be no threat of
them becoming their own race.
>> If the lifespan of our
early kings was 36,000 years,
it appears something in our
evolution changed 12,500 years
ago.
In the book of
Genesis, God said,
my spirit shall not
strive with man forever,
because he also is flesh.
Nevertheless, his days
shall be 120 years.
Did human lives get
shortened at some point?
Is this proof that there
was a genetic manipulation?
And if so, why?
The longest known human
lifespan that modern scientists
have on record, a woman who
died in the French countryside
in 1997, was 122.
Since then there has
been significant debate
about whether modern man
has reached the upper limits
of our longevity.
>> Methuselah in the
scriptures lived a long time.
We have these stories.
Did God intervene
and change our DNA?
So now, we only get 125
years, or 150 years,
or some shorter period?
If so, why?
Would there be any way to
find this, to get this back?
Or is it working on
some other level?
Do we have longer
or shorter lives
in a spiritual sense, in
a psychological sense,
in an emotional sense?
Has the rush of modern life
shortened our lived experience
and there is some way to gain
the enormity, the expanse
of time that we once knew?
>> In my research, I use the
term devolution or devolved.
And for me, that means
a couple of things.
One thing it means is
that as conscious beings,
we originally exist on some
higher level of reality
that I call the level
of pure consciousness.
And the ruling principle of
that level of pure consciousness
is harmonious,
loving cooperation
among all conscious
beings and the source
of all conscious beings.
Some conscious selves
become egotistical.
They develop a desire to
control, dominate, and exploit
others.
And they can no longer
exist on that higher
level of pure consciousness.
There has to be some
other reality for them
to act out their selfish
desires to dominate, control,
and exploit others.
That is the material
level of reality.
So that process by which
a conscious self descends
from that higher
level of reality
into the world of matter
is what I call devolution.
So the conscious selves on this
level of reality are devolved.
And that means they don't
evolve up from matter.
They devolve or come down from
this higher level of reality.
>> Did we as humans,
at one point,
exist in a higher reality
and then at one point devolve
into a lower level?
If so, what could be the reason?
Anton Parks suggests that
there is information that
points to certain bloodlines.
>> When you start looking
at these subjects,
whether it is on the web or in
some books that people qualify
as possibly conspiracy books,
it is often spoken of a genetic
lineage--
reptilian and of royal blood.
I do think that some royal
bloodlines still exist nowadays
that come from the
Anunas, specifically
the lineage of Enlil,
Ninurta, and An.
>> Could these descendants of
royal bloodlines be able to see
beyond the current reality
in order to control it?
Could this be more evidence
of a tampering with our DNA?
Reporter Linda Howe has
an interesting theory
on the origins of
the term blue blood.
>> One friend and colleague
of mine was Laurence Gardner.
He was tracking the
whole significance
of certain bloodlines going
back into Mesopotamia.
I was encountering exactly
the same information
coming in to my investigations
of an alien presence
on this planet and
throughout the solar system.
We found that we
met at a same point.
And that was that
in Mesopotamia,
that all of the Anunnaki were
supposed to be reptilian,
and that the
reptilian biology had
blood that was
dominated by copper
and that they literally
had blue-colored blood.
We have red, because we
have an iron dominant blood.
So our discussion
from his history
and my trying to get into
it through aliens that
have been dominating
the Earth was
that the blue blood reptilians
of Mesopotamia led to a group
called the Merovingians.
And the Merovingians tie
later in the timeline directly
to France, Germany, and
that area of Europe.
Because for some reason, that
bloodline, the blue bloods,
went to Europe.
Laurence Gardiner
and other people's
work coming through
royalty blue blood
tie this connection between
the reptilians, Merovingians,
and Mesopotamia.
And they were literally a
reptilian blue blood line.
>> If this is more
evidence of a manipulation,
how does our DNA and an oath
hold weight in our current
reality?
Anton Parks explains how his
studies of several ancient text
reveal similar stories
about humankind surrendering
their will to Sumerian
gods, but that in the end,
we choose to kneel.
>> I think that we are still
under the influence of the oath
sworn by humanity in front of
the gods and their chariot.
At this particular
point, humanity
forbade itself from
ever knowing freedom
and from thinking freely.
They more or less
enslaved themselves.
We can see that in general.
Human beings are
quite submissive.
When certain laws
pass nowadays, instead
of saying that we don't
agree, we first say yes.
And if we find a couple of brave
men who are ready to protest,
in that case things
can get moving.
But it can take decades
or hundreds of years
before anything happens.
Slavery is a good example.
Therefore, I think we
are still under the oath
that the human race swore
to the Sumerian gods
in front of their spaceship.
I think that there
are several ways
of breaking this type
of oath, first of all
by acknowledging it,
by allowing oneself
and by saying it out loud.
I'm not anymore under the oath
that was sworn to the Anunas.
And this works for any oath.
From the moment
when you know you
have sworn an oath in this
life or in a previous one,
you can actually liberate
yourself quite simply.
>> Could it be possible
to liberate ourselves from
our restricted
boundaries here on Earth?
Could we evolve back
into our original state?
>> Originally, we all exist as
beings of pure consciousness
on a higher level of reality.
The reason we're here
is somehow or other,
we've made decisions that
disqualify us from existing
on that higher plane.
So the main purpose
of human life,
according to many ancient
wisdom traditions,
is to restore consciousness
to its original, pure state.
And there are higher
beings in this universe who
are trying to help us do that.
And one of the
ways that they help
us do that is by providing
places on Earth where it
becomes easier to engage in
the processes of meditation,
and yoga, and
contemplation that help
restore consciousness
to its original state
where it's easier to do that.
You could call them embassies
from the spiritual world.
>> The movement of ancient
knowledge is really hardwired
into the understanding
of perfection,
harmony in these places.
The idea was to bring
into physical focus
that which is
absolutely perfect.
The idea was to build in
the center of these cities
a temple of humanity
where everything that is
perfect in terms of
measure, geometry, energy.
Everything that is
invisible is manifested
in formal space that
allows an entire society
to vibrate to that
perfection and become perfect
within itself.
So depending on who's got
control of this, it works,
and then it doesn't.
If you go to
central Paris, there
is a sense that there's
something perfect about it.
This is why we're drawn to it.
Luxor in Egypt, which
itself is also a mirror
image of places in Sumeria.
And they are mirror
images of temples which
are no longer above the ground.
They're now under water.
So the idea was always the
same-- to establish perfection
on Earth so that humans
can realize their greatest
potential.
It's just about
working with energy.
Energy doesn't know what it is.
Energy is just energy.
It's not right or wrong.
If you add intent to it,
it defines the direction,
where the energy goes.
And that was the idea behind
all the ancient cultures,
to create these ancient
ideas, put your correct intent
into it, and create
greatness or not.
>> Could these ancient places
hold the keys to evolving past
the current system?
If so, how old might
the current system be?
>> When we look at our modern
civilization and we think that
we've evolved so much, let's not
forget that Sumer is the cradle
of civilization and that so much
of what started there is still
in place in our modern world.
This includes the entire
system of how we measure time--
60 seconds in a minute,
60 minutes in an hour,
24 hours in a day, and
the way in which we
structure our cities--
the idea of plumbing,
the idea of city planning
with streets and buildings.
All of that stuff comes directly
from the Sumerian civilization,
which seems to, in
conventional historical view,
pop up almost out of
nowhere from what had been,
up until then, a
hunter-gatherer type of culture.
We also see the whole basis
of the Code of Hammurabi
and written codified laws,
which actually started again
in Sumer.
We see the development of
a money system in Sumer.
We see roles of men and women,
this patriarchal society
appearing in Sumer.
And therefore, so much of what
we have in our modern world
hasn't changed since
the time of Sumer.
And if we expand our
consciousness a little bit
and consider that the written
history of Sumer is not what we
hear about in our textbooks,
that it actually is
a 250,000-year old civilization,
it would appear that the gods
built that civilization or what
some have called the Archons
and that they, in fact, built
the solar system on the purpose
to withstand the test of time
and to create a form of silent
tyranny.
With the money system
comes the ability
of small groups of people
to determine who lives
and who dies, who
eats and who starves,
and to become
incredibly powerful.
Because there was
no common sharing
of the wealth of the planet.
It seems to be
acceptable to the people.
It seems that there
is a fair system.
But it's very easily controlled
by the elite power structure
and allows them to effectively
imprison an entire planet.
And it allows them to wield
an unnaturally high degree
of control.
>> Are we, in the end, just
acting out an embedded loop
that runs like a play, where
all that we know is based
on Sumerian rule
by imposing gods?
If this is true, are we able and
willing to break it and evolve?
>> By setting up situations
that are very challenging where
there's war, there's
death, there's suffering,
we're all presented
with choices again,
again in our life and we choose.
If you choose the
negative, it just
means you chose the negative.
And when you die, you
look back and like,
oh, I chose the negative.
And next time, you'll
try to program yourself
so that hopefully, you'll
become more and more positive.
>> Could the clues and
symbols depicted in ancient
civilizations help us
change the current game?
Could we evolve from
our current state
and possibly live longer like
the gods of ancient times?
For example, if the system
that we reside in now
is created to run on
duality consciousness,
that would be the choice between
the positive and the negative.
Then could we break it with
a unity consciousness, which
is the understanding that one
spirit moves through everything
and there is no separation?
>> In the ancient mythology,
there was a strong tendency
to tell stories of the
battle of good and evil.
And certain gods would
represent the forces of evil
and want control.
And they would be arrogant.
And the good god
would finally prevail.
And you would have certain areas
where these battles took place.
We can see immediately that this
is a philosophical construct
that, in fact, there
are temptations.
There is certainly
the possibility
of corruption in human affairs.
And this would get involved
in the theology of the time.
And we would hope that
the good would win out.
>> Was this the point
of knowledge given to us
in the proverbial garden?
Could the point of
characters labeled as good
and evil in the ancient text be
the continued story of duality
that we live in today?
And do we have all
the information
to understand where we
are and how to break free
from our current system?
For if this is a
forced reality upon us,
can we break it by understanding
that we have the choice
to be slaves or to be free?
Jack Cary explains
a possible link
between agricultural
and human development
that literally
popped up overnight.
>> At first, there was nothing.
Then all of a sudden, we have
civilization after civilization
at mathematics, culture.
They're building monuments.
They're performing
agricultural feats.
I believe that all of
these-- that all of that
can be equated to the
introduction of these cereal
grains into our DNA.
Because she was actually
affecting human DNA
at that time through a number
of different experiments.
>> Up next on "Ancient
Civilizations--"
could the agricultural
revolution have changed the DNA
of humanity?
And if so, how was it created?
[MUSIC PLAYING]